Update NPM installation (#9174)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_performance_monitoring/installation.md

                    container.apparmor.security.beta.kubernetes.io/system-probe: unconfined
    ```

> 2. Enable process collection and the system probe with the following environment variables in the Agent daemonset. Add the following environment variables to the process-agent container if running a container per agent-process, or to the agent container otherwise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable process collection and the system probe with the following environment variables in the Agent DaemonSet. If you are running a container per Agent process, add the following environment variables to the Process Agent container; otherwise, add them to the Agent container.
```
